with cecilia we had the grace of
to know us when I started working
in Radio Maria Argentina I found in that
time volunteering at radio maría
he was nice and the following year
I knew good that I am my husband
christian and there were many
volunteers who are responsible for
publicize the radio and between them
I was cecilia and that's how good we left
knowing the gare that I loved from
the first moment a former seminarian
above all it was fun he sang
super spontaneous good I went knowing the
cecilia
and we got together and well they arrived
the moments in which also God
He was inviting us to take steps
good something like that since the year already well
we already found out I had to
make the decision to take the step and
propose to him I bought two there
wooden rings and good and finally
we got married it was nice to put together the
marriage because for us it was a
special sacrament and we wanted to do it
different good there is step that we said
new to the first year we do not want to have
babies because not yet so good a year
we said nothing good is already so
we are looking for is already and good we started
to look and start that was not given not
I did not give I came with a subject of
Maiden myomas good I operated on this
moment a mine had not grabbed me the
left trunk then complicated the
operation almost lost the horn
finally they left me but it seems that
was covered and walton there and what do I know
well we started to see that this in
easy relationship how we would create
there was the possibility of not having 9
and well there was the moment in which
we find this reality that does not
it was because we did not have good
explanation, what was it that is
happening and so they started dating
from within ours as our
claims no good bye how is good sir
we have a relationship as long as possible
pure possible we got married
before your law we seek you pray
we were participating in the mass we went
to the church we had the groups and now
what happens what is your answer to this no
you are going to keep your promises and really
we were as hopeless as
hurt as not knowing where
shoot and good but the doctor
injured but yes but good and we started
to spend silver months silver months we do
a test another test we take pills
arrested that I will not fix the days the
date was like pretty complicated and
pretty ugly
and well in a moment I planted
cristian that maybe god was the
possibility of adopting I was not in
conditions and I did not want to adopt that the
another possibility that had been shuffling
and finally in this time that we are
as tired means of treatment
appears let's say as a dissidence
we say we in my boss propose me
take children in custody at the end of
week we went
the idea was to look for it on a Friday to have it
with us during the weekend and
deliver it the institute on Sunday
they are in the institute in a moment
judicial process with his family and actually
wait for them to be resolved so they come back
with his family so we
we are clear that these children were not
to adopt them that were not going to be for
we went to see him in Gonzalo and there
we are good with a reality
that we really moved from inside
us when we first went to the
institute not the truth that we
shocked because seeing the amount of
little children who are there who are alone
that you saw that they despair because you
go visit them they ask you to stay
is they ask you to take them with them and
there as if to me the equation was
grabbing decide on us we search
children these children look for parents that is
why is it so complicated the end and
well he started coming home on weekends
negrito a beautiful week that good
won the heart because
very funny it was like children are
spontaneous he won the heart of
cristian in a second well then well
that we started bringing them to the month
they are super my birthday I remember
we went one day the slopes we had
said that if we take the little sisters
because the little sisters were with
Gonzalo, there they were not going to leave us
take them more like us
complicated because the house was very
little girl did not encourage us either
So many children, well, I just spoke with my
sister-in-law my sister-in-law also ten years ago
that she was married and could not have the
sister of christian and she tells me
well I'm hooked says the draft
they took the girls the little sisters
well they took us down we were introduced
again the court with all the
history and well there they accept us and the
little hand of Gonzalo another says they were
four in total
a good day I had no one to go with and we
They ask if you could show us if good by
a weekend brings it because I know
I wanted to come with us then
started to be two who went home
a priest was accompanying us
hard what he told me many times but
very clear and at the same time as a firm father
who was with us with us
in the decisions that we are giving me
says you want to be a clear father
I want to be a father
good where it is conceived and then it
he conceives of the belly he does not conceive the
heart or grow father you want to have baby
impact us at the end of the year that year what
we ask
with 2009 we ask ourselves in how in
permanent guard that took us about 34
years until they were in three
years were left as free to the mother left
of asking for them and well they were like a
keep us preadoptive for the
Adoption trial with Mary with con
we
we are super happy and happy
we had discovered that god
fulfill his promises I felt that God
He was talking about healing me from a place
gynecological that for me was all a
subject the fibroids well being and were and
they are still
and well at the time we found out that
we were pregnant good was a tea
summer for the children we always
we had told him what we wanted and that
We were looking for babies and they were going
to have little hands and what good to the best
It was many eggs with friends but
well the truth is that they are about
sisters, I have a 12 year old daughter
that is a mother the truth but our
baby because it was a gift for us
and also for them I believe as brothers
and well I there we enjoyed three children
from a large family that did not expect more
and it's worth the joy that God proposed in
this project that obviously never
we would have imagined we feel it is the
better shape and the greatest joy that
God fulfilled his way and thank you
we can tell you so that for that
because many do not follow us
we see many couples who suffer many
but like us too
that in his time not afflicting he used to
because we felt that good because
it was our turn
and good and today we can enjoy the
another way and from another place
these children that with their differences but
totally conceived in the heart
they form our family